README.md, before:

# Odin_Projects
Here I save all odin program projects developed by Me.  

## 1. [odin-recipes](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/odin-recipes/index.html)
The website will consist of a main index page which will have links to a few recipes. 

## 2. [landing-page](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/landing-page/index.html)
landing page created according to :
https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/01.png

https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/02.png

## 3. [rock_paper_scissors](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/rock_paper_scissors/index.html)
This game will be played entirely in the console.
The familiar game of Rock, Paper, Scissors is played like this: at the same time, two players display one of three symbols: a rock, paper, or scissors. A rock beats scissors, scissors beat paper by cutting it, and paper beats rock by covering it.

## 4. 
I build a browser version of something between a sketchpad and an Etch-A-Sketch.

Commit message:

instead of draw by hovering now its done by click and dragging

README.md, after:

# Odin_Projects
Here I save all odin program projects developed by Me.  

## 1. [Look at my First Creation  : odin-recipes](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/odin-recipes/index.html)
The website will consist of a main index page which will have links to a few recipes. 

## 2. [landing-page 📄](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/landing-page/index.html)
landing page created according to : <br>
[image of landing page](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/01.png
)
<br>
[Colors and fonts info](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/02.png)


## 3. [ Let's Play🥇 : rock_paper_scissors](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/rock_paper_scissors/index.html)
This game will be played entirely in the console.
The familiar game of Rock, Paper, Scissors is played like this: at the same time, two players display one of three symbols: a rock, paper, or scissors. A rock beats scissors, scissors beat paper by cutting it, and paper beats rock by covering it.

## 4. [Etch_A_Sketch 🖍️: Let's Draw Something](https://iamflame03.github.io/Odin_Projects/etch-a-sketch/index.html)
This is a browser version of something between a sketchpad and an Etch-A-Sketch.
